## 6.3.4 (May 10th, 2024)

### Upgrades

- Refactored `flex-plugins-api-client` package to be compatible with the browser JavaScript environment.
- Updated `flex-plugins-api-client` to incorporate the latest Flex Plugins API spec.

### Fixed

- Fixed the vulnerabilities found in the packages - `jest`, `axios`, `axios-cache-adapter`, `esm`, `rimraf`, `@twilio/cli-core`, `puppeteer`.

## 6.3.3 (Apr 4th, 2024)

### Fixed

- Fixed the issue with loading remote plugins in localhost which broke after Flex started using partitioned cookies to store Flex JWE token.

## 6.3.1 (Feb 8th, 2024)

### Fixed

- ECONREFUSED error observed in Node versions >= 17 is fixed.

## 6.3.0 (Feb 6th, 2024)

### Fixed

- `terser-webpack-plugin` issue observed when plugin is built, is fixed.
- Issue with the creation of source-map file is addressed.
- **1** critical and **4** high vulnerabilities in packages have been addressed.

### Upgrades
- Twilio Serverless build API uses the latest Node runtime version always.
- Webpack is reverted to the latest stable v4 (4.47.0) as many of the dependencies that plugins use are not webpack 5 ready yet.
- Added support for Node v20.

## 6.2.3 (Oct 23rd, 2023)

### Upgrades

- Added support for Twilio Serverless Node 18 runtime

## 6.2.2 (Oct 17th, 2023)

### Fixed

- `global is not defined` error in the browser environment by providing a polyfill in webpack configuration

## 6.2.1 (Oct 10th, 2023)

### Added

- A bug is fixed which was causing plugin local build failure incase of scss/sass files
  referenced inside any component.

## 6.2.0 (Sep 28th, 2023)

### Upgrades

Flex plugin webpack is upgraded to use `webpack 5` package.

### Security upgrades

Security vulnerabilities in the following packages were addressed by upgrading their versions

- latest-version@7.0.0
- cheerio@^1.0.0-rc.12

## 6.1.2 (May 17th, 2023)

### Highlights

Flex Plugin Builder will scaffold a new plugin compatible with Flex UI 2.x when a plugin is created using `create` command.
The switch to create a new Flex UI 1.x compatible plugin is `--flexui1`

## 6.1.1 (Apr 28th, 2023)

### Security upgrades

Security vulnerabilities in the following packages were addressed by upgrading their versions

- @twilio/cli-core@7.6.1
- qs@6.10.3
- resolve-url-loader@4.0.0

## 6.1.0 (Apr 19th, 2023)

### Added

- Flex Plugin Builder now supports Node v16 and Node v18!

> **NOTE:** If you encounter this error: `ERR_OSSL_EVP_UNSUPPORTED`, which happens due to incompatibility between newer version of OpenSSL and Node v18, run the following command:

For MacOs & Linux:

```shell
export NODE_OPTIONS=--openssl-legacy-provider
```

For Windows:

```bash
set NODE_OPTIONS=--openssl-legacy-provider
```

### Fixed

- A bug in the archival process of plugin and plugin-version.

## 6.0.4 (Jan 10th, 2023)

### Fixed

- Modified the markdown formatter syntax for italic which is used by the logger.

## 6.0.3 (Nov 2nd, 2022)

### Fixed

- Issue with using the plugin builder from behind a HTTP proxy.

## 6.0.2 (Oct 19th, 2022)

### Fixed

- Address compatibility with @oclif/core v1.19.0

## 6.0.1 (Oct 13th, 2022)

Refer to [Twilio Flex Docs](https://www.twilio.com/docs/flex/developer/plugins/cli) to be up-to-date with the latest features being built on the CLI.

Plugin Flex package now uses Twilio CLI 5.0 which has upgraded [oclif](https://github.com/oclif/oclif) package version from v1 to v2.

# Highlights

- [Twilio CLI 5.0](https://github.com/twilio/twilio-cli) and oclif v2 support.
- Removed support for Node 12.
- Security fix

# Migrating to 6.x

## Upgrade using CLI

Install the Twilio CLI and the Flex Plugins extension as described [here](https://www.twilio.com/docs/flex/developer/plugins/cli). Then go to the plugin directory and run:

```bash
$ twilio flex:plugins:upgrade-plugin --install
```

This script should automatically upgrade your plugin to the latest version.

## Manual Upgrade

To manually upgrade to version 6.x, modify your `package.json`:

```json
{
  "scripts": {
    "postinstall": "flex-plugin pre-script-check"
  },
  "dependencies": {
    "flex-plugin-scripts": "^6.0.1",
    "react": "16.5.2",
    "react-dom": "16.5.2"
  },
  "devDependencies": {
    "@twilio/flex-ui": "^1"
  }
}
```

# Breaking Changes

Version 6 is dropping support for

- Twilio CLI v4 and below. Make sure to upgrade to the latest version of Twilio CLI (v5) to use Flex Plugins CLI 6.x
- Node 12. Version 6.x will **only support Node 14.x.** You would need to install and use Node 14.x (preferrably LTS version) going forward to run the Flex Plugins CLI commands. This means the plugin would also have to be compatible with Node 14.x version.

# Security Fix

An issue was identified by Twilio Security that allowed piggy-backing of additional HTTP parameters on some of the API requests. This issue is now fixed in this version.
