## 7.1.1 (May 26th, 2025)

### Upgrades

- CLI can now run on node 22.

## 7.1.0 (Dec 11th, 2024)

### Upgrades

- CLI can now run with only `@twilio/flex-plugin` and moving unused dependencies to `devDependencies` reducing bundle size and fixing major security issues

## 7.0.6 (Nov 12th, 2024)

### Fixed

- Fixed plugin release issue from non-plugin folders.

## 7.0.5 (Sep 11th, 2024)

### Fixed

- Fixed warnings and errors on babel/plugin-proposal-private-property-in-object.
- Fixed cli issue when used in `yarn workspaces`

## 7.0.4 (Aug 30th, 2024)

### Fixed

- Fixed plugin istall issue, where it installs v6.4.2 instead of latest if no version is specified on install script.

## 7.0.2 (Aug 16th, 2024)

### Fixed

- Fixed node version incompatibility issue due to cheerio package dependency,
  users with node version less than 18.17, can use without any issues.

## 7.0.1 (July 24th, 2024)

### Fixed

- Upgraded paste versions of plugin template to fix conflict warnings
- Fixed the failed to load remote plugins issue when using `--include-remote` flag

## 7.0.0 (June 10th, 2024)

Refer to [Twilio Flex Docs](https://www.twilio.com/docs/flex/developer/plugins/cli) to be up-to-date with the latest features being built on the CLI.

Flex Plugin CLI can now help users **validate** their plugin against the latest Flex UI version to ensure compatibility between the two.

# Highlights

- New command added - `twilio:flex:plugins:validate`. More details [here](https://github.com/twilio/flex-plugin-builder/blob/main/packages/plugin-flex/README.md#twilio-flexpluginsvalidate).
- Validation of the plugin runs as part of the `twilio:flex:plugins:deploy` command.
- Telemetry integration for all the commands.
- Fixed high security vulnerabilities by upgrading Webpack Dev Server to v4.
- Enhanced the CLI version update notifier feature and added deprecation notification as part of it so that the user can always be on the stable version of the CLI.
- Removed unused dependencies in @twilio/flex-plugin-scripts package.

# Migrating to 7.x

## Upgrade using CLI

Install the Twilio CLI and the Flex Plugins extension as described [here](https://www.twilio.com/docs/flex/developer/plugins/cli). Then go to the plugin directory and run:

```bash
$ twilio flex:plugins:upgrade-plugin --install
```

This script should automatically upgrade your plugin to the latest version.

## Manual Upgrade

To manually upgrade to version 7.x, modify your `package.json`:

```json
{
  "scripts": {
    "postinstall": "flex-plugin pre-script-check"
  },
  "dependencies": {
    "flex-plugin-scripts": "^7.0.0",
    "react": "17.0.2",
    "react-dom": "17.0.2"
  },
  "devDependencies": {
    "@twilio/flex-ui": "^2"
  }
}
```

# Breaking Changes

Version 7 is dropping support for **Node 14**. This means that the plugin would also have to be compatible with **Node 16.x** onwards.
